[ML] add roberta/bart docs (#85001)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/trained-models/apis/put-trained-model-vocabulary.asciidoc

(array)
The model vocabulary. Must not be empty.

`merges`::
(Optional, array)

> The model merges. Must be provided for RoBERTa and BART style models.

Reviewer: Tried to find more context for this parameter.  Is this correct?:
```suggestion
The model merge rules, which map text to tokens. Must be provided for RoBERTa and BART style models.
```

Author: > The model merge rules, which map text to tokens

This is technically not correct. The merges are just space delimited encoded tokens. Like `fo o` which means that `fo o` can be merged into `foo`. I will attempt to clarify better.
